If you are over 18, or the legal age at which gambling, or gaming activities are allowed under the law. We reserve the right to request proof of age documents from you at any time.

You are of legal capacity and can enter into a binding legal agreement with us.

You may not use a VPN, proxy or similar services or devices that mask or manipulate the identification of your real location.

You are the authorized user of the payment method you use.

When placing bets, you may lose some or all of your money deposited to the Service in accordance with these Terms and you will be fully responsible for that loss.

When placing bets, you must not use any information obtained in breach of any legislation in force in the country in which you were when the bet was placed.

You are not acting on behalf of another party or for any commercial purposes, but solely on your own behalf as a private individual in a personal capacity.

You must not either attempt to manipulate any market or element within the Service in bad faith nor in a manner that adversely affects the integrity of the Service or us.

You must generally act in good faith in relation to us of the Service at all times and for all bets made using the Service.

If you are under the age of 18 years (or below the age of majority as stipulated in the laws of the jurisdiction applicable to you) or if you are not legally able to enter into a binding legal agreement with us or you acting as an agent for, or otherwise on behalf, of a person under 18 years (or below the age of majority as stipulated in the laws of the jurisdiction applicable to you).

If you reside in a country in which access to online gambling to its residents or to any person within such country is prohibited.

Accounts could use several currencies, in this case all Account balances and transactions appear in the currency used for the transaction.

We do not give credit for the use of the Service.

We reserve the right to close or suspend any Account without prior notice and return all funds. Contractual obligations already matured will however be honoured.

All deposits should be made from an account or payment system or credit card that is registered in your own name, and any deposits made in any other currency will be converted using the daily exchange rate obtained from oanda.com, or at our own bank’s or our payment processor’s prevailing rate of exchange following which your Account will be deposited accordingly. Note that some payment systems may apply additional currency exchange fees which will be deducted from the sum of your deposit.